{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070409020205020404}Courier;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11678922}{\*\generator Micr
osoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author TvmServer}{\operator TvmServer}{\creatim\yr2005\mo1\dy17\hr14\min32}{\revtim\yr2005\mo1\dy17\hr14\min35}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords401}{\nofchars2289}{\*\company Dundas India}{\nofcharsws2685}
{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale116\viewzk2\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot11678922 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs48\cf2\insrsid11678922 COXIntelliMouse}{\b\fs48\insrsid11678922 
\par }{\b\fs16\insrsid11678922 Copyright \'a9 }{\b\fs16\insrsid11678922 The Code Project}{\b\fs16\insrsid11678922  1997 - 1998, All Rights Reserved
\par }{\insrsid11678922 
\par A lot of popular applications such as Internet E
xplorer or Microsoft Excel have support for advanced scrolling functionality. But you probably even haven't noticed it because it's available only if you have Microsoft IntelliMouse (generally, any three-button mouse which is quite rare case now). Intelli
Mouse has special }{\insrsid11678922 wheel}{\insrsid11678922  turning }{\insrsid11678922 using }{\insrsid11678922 which you can scroll the contents of the active window. But if you click on this }{\insrsid11678922 wheel}{\insrsid11678922 
 it will act as common mouse middle button. The most interesting thing is what happen}{\insrsid11678922 s after you click}{\insrsid11678922  on the mouse }{\insrsid11678922 wheel}{\insrsid11678922 . 
\par 
\par E.g. Internet Ex
plorer will do the following: if opened page has vertical and/or horizontal scrollbar(s) then it will display non-rectangular splash window in shape of target and if you move mouse it will scroll the contents of the page in the corresponding direction (if
 
it's possible to scroll). Note that simultaneous scrolling in vertical and horizontal directions is supported. Moreover, the far you move mouse from the point where Intelli Mouse Support was started the faster the contents will be scrolled (ballistic scro
lling). 
\par 
\par We implemented all above described functionality in our COXIntelliMouse class. COXIntelliMouse is derived from COXHookWnd and uses internally COXSplashWnd class. Also in order to visually display the direction of the scrolling when Intelli Mouse S
upport is on COXIntelliMouse class uses set of cursors that is defined in "OXIntelliMouse.rc" file. 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\insrsid11678922 Note}{\insrsid11678922 : you have to include in "Resource Includes"-"Compile Time Directives" of your application's resource file reference to "OXIntelliMouse.rc"
\par 
\par Following technique should be applied in order to provide Intelli Mouse Support in your application using COXIntelliMouse class: 
\par 
\par 1) Instantiate one object of COXIntelliMouse class for every window class for which you are going to provide Intelli Mouse Support.
\par 
\par \tab Example: 
\par }{\f5\insrsid11678922 \tab class CMyView : public CView}{\insrsid11678922 \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab }{\f5\insrsid11678922 \{ 
\par \tab \tab . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
\par \tab protected: 
\par \tab \tab // intelli mouse support 
\par \tab \tab COXIntelliMouse m_IntelliMouse; }{\insrsid11678922  
\par \tab \tab }{\f5\insrsid11678922 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .}{\insrsid11678922  
\par \tab }{\f5\insrsid11678922 \}}{\insrsid11678922 \tab \tab 
\par 
\par 2) In OnCreate function of such window class call COXIntelliMouse::Attach function in order to register it with COXIntelliMouse object and to set up the start event that will be interpreted as trigger to launch Intelli Mouse Support.
\par 
\par \tab Example: 
\par }{\f5\insrsid11678922 \tab int CMyView::OnCreate(LPCREATESTRUCT lpCreateStruct)}{\insrsid11678922 \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab }{\f5\insrsid11678922 \{ 
\par \tab \tab . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
\par \tab \tab // mouse left button down altogether 
\par \tab \tab // with "Ctrl" key pressed down 
\par \tab \tab // will launch Intelli Mouse Support
\par \tab \tab m_IntelliMouse.Attach(this,WM_LBUTTONDOWN,KEYPRESSED_CONTROL); 
\par \tab \tab . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
\par \tab \}}{\insrsid11678922 \tab \tab 
\par 
\par 3) That's it.
\par 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid11678922 
\par }}