{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-1261958360\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}}{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2
\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6167666
\rsid16608358}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author TvmServer}{\operator TvmServer}{\creatim\yr2005\mo1\dy17\hr15\min49}{\revtim\yr2005\mo1\dy17\hr15\min49}{\version3}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords440}{\nofchars2514}
{\*\company Dundas India}{\nofcharsws2949}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale116\viewzk2\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6167666 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs48\cf2\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 COXMonthCalCtrl}{\b\fs48\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
\par }{\b\fs16\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 Copyright \'a9 }{\b\fs16\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid6167666 The Code Project}{\b\fs16\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358  1997 - 1998, All Rights Reserved
\par }{\b\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
\par include <OXMonthCalCtrl.h>}{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
\par 
\par A COXMonthCalCtrl object encapsulates the functionality of a month calendar control. The month calendar control provides the user with a simple calendar interface, from which the user can select a date. The user can change the display by: 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid6167666 {
\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 Scrolling backward and forward, from month to month. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}Clicking the Today text to display the current day (if the MCS_NOTODAY style is not used). 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}Picking a month or a year from a pop-up menu. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 You can customize the month calendar control by applying a variety of styles to the object when you create it. 
\par The month calendar control can display more than one month, and it can indicate special days (such as }{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358\charrsid16608358 holidays}{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 ) by bolding the date.

\par }{\b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
\par Using COXMonthCalCtrl
\par }{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 The month calendar control (COXMonthCalCtrl) implements a calendar-like user interface. This provides the
 user with a very intuitive and recognizable method of entering or selecting a date. The control also provides the application with the means to obtain and set the date information in the control using existing data types. By default, the month calendar c
ontrol displays the current day and month. However, the user is able to scroll to the previous and next months and select a specific month and/or year.
\par }{\b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
\par Creating the Month Calendar Control
\par }{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 How the month calendar control is created depends on whether you are using the control in a dialog box or creating it in a nondialog window.
\par 
\par To use COXMonthCalCtrl directly in a dialog box:
\par }{\b\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 Visual C++ v6.0:
\par }{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 In the dialog editor, add a Month Calendar Control to your dialog template resource. Specify its control ID. Specify
 any styles required, using the Properties dialog box of the month calendar control. Use ClassWizard to add a member variable of type COXMonthCalCtrl with the Control property. You can use this member to call COXMonthCalCtrl member functions. Use ClassWiz
ard to map handler functions in the dialog class for any month calendar control notification messages you need to handle. In OnInitDialog, set any additional styles for the COXMonthCalCtrl object. 
\par }{\b\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 Visual C++ v5.0:
\par }{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
In the dialog editor, add a Static Control to your dialog template resource (it will be a placeholder for the month calendar control). Specify its control ID. In OnInitDialog, you can use next code to replace Static Control on our calendar control:
\par \tab CWnd *pFrame=GetDlgItem(IDC_MONTHCAL); CRect rcWnd; pFrame->GetWindowRect(rcWnd); pFrame->DestroyWindow(); //pFrame was just a placeholder anyway. ScreenToClient(rcWnd); m_ctlMonthCal.Create(WS_CHILD|WS_VISIBLE,rcWnd.TopLeft(),this,IDC_MONTHCAL);
\tab 
\par }{\b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
\par To use COXMonthCalCtrl in a nondialog window 
\par }{\lang4105\langfe1033\langnp4105\insrsid16608358 
Define the control in the view or window class. Call the control's Create member function, possibly in OnInitialUpdate, possibly as early as the parent window's OnCreate handler function (if you're subclassing the control).
 Set the styles for the control. 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid16608358 
\par }}